  Hello, and welcome to the npm adventure workshop!  I am going to be  
     asking you to do various things with npm so that you can get started  
     with it easily.  
       
     Some helpful commands:  
       
     npm help ............ Get help with npm  
     how-to-npm print .... Re-display the current exercise  
     how-to-npm verify ... Verify that you have finished an exercise  
     how-to-npm solution . Show the solution for the current exercise  
       
     The first thing we're going to do is make sure that your npm  
     version is up to date.  
       
     Run `how-to-npm verify` once that is done.  
       
     (This is the only part of the workshop that requires network access.  
     If the network is busted, and you want to skip this one, you can run  
     `how-to-npm verify skip` to skip it.)





$ how-to-npm verify
verifying that npm is installed...
You have version 3.10.10 installed.  Great!
Now let's see what the latest version is... wait for it...
The latest npm is: 5.6.0
You have version 3.10.10, but the latest is 5.6.0
Run `npm install npm -g` to upgrade it
(You can also just skip this if you want)



 One of the most important things that npm does is install packages.  
       
     However, in order to be a good workshop program, we don't want to litter  
     files all over your computer, so before going any further, let's set up a  
     development environment.  
       
     First, make a new directory and `cd` into it.  
       
     Then, run `npm init` to create a package.json file. You will be prompted  
     to answer a number of questions. You can just press enter to accept the  
     default for each question.  
       
     Run `how-to-npm verify` once you're done.  All the other commands  
     you run in this tutorial should be done in that folder.




Congratulations!
    You have a development environment.
    
    From here on out, make sure to run the workshop in this dir
    
    You might notice that a `.npmrc` file will show up in there.
    That normally would not be required, but the workshop uses it
    to mock out the parts that would normally talk to the internet.



   npm is best when you can be a part of it.  That starts with  
     creating an account.  
       
     Because this is just a tutorial adventure, remember, we're not  
     *actually* creating an account anywhere.  However, when you run  
     this in the Real World, it'll create a real account, with a page  
     on npmjs.com and the ability to publish packages that real live  
     humans can install and enjoy.  
       
     To see who you're logged in as, run `npm whoami`  
       
     To create your account, run `npm adduser`  
       
     Try it now, and open the door to ever-greater module fun times!  
     Then run `how-to-npm verify` 





